chore: version to 0.48.2 (#3960)
prefix-dev/pixi: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [0.48.2] - 2025-06-16
#### ✨ Highlights

> This is a minor release with a couple of bugs fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a minor release with a couple of bugfixes.
```

> A new feature is the support for legacy `mojoproject.toml` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new feature is the support for `mojoproject.toml` files which is used to develop on projects written in the Mojo programming language.
This enables users to migrate from the [deprecated](https://docs.modular.com/magic/) Magic package manager to Pixi.
```
